# Scraping Assignment


## Overview

**Scraping Assignment** is a test project developed to demonstrate web scraping capabilities using JavaScript and TypeScript. The project includes functions to crawl data and generate HTML and CSV files. It adheres to a factory structure to promote modularity and maintainability. The application is strongly typed with TypeScript to enhance code quality and prevent runtime errors.

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Features

- **Data Crawling**: Functions to scrape data from specified sources.
- **File Generation**: Create HTML and CSV files from scraped data.
- **Type Safety**: Built with TypeScript for better type safety and development experience.
- **Factory Structure**: Organized code structure for better modularity.
- **Comprehensive Tests**: 9 tests covering different aspects of the functions to ensure reliability.

## Technologies

- **JavaScript** / **TypeScript**
- **Node.js**
- **Jest** (for testing)
- **ESLint** (for code linting)
- **Nodemon** (for auto-reloading during development)

## Installation

To get started with this project, clone the repository and install the necessary dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ArslanAkhtar/scraping-assignment.git
npm install
npm run serve
```


### Linting the Code
Run ESLint to check for code quality:

```bash
npm run lint
```

### Testing
This project includes unit tests written using Jest. To run the tests and check the coverage, use:

```bash
npm test
```
You can view the coverage report generated by Jest to see how well your code is tested.

### Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository and create a pull request with your changes.


### Author
Muhammad Arslan